Hey, how you all doing today?
I'm here, I'm excited, I literally came
all the way from Atlanta for this.
So this is my favorite course because,
for me,
this is the most life-changing work I
get to do, is pass on information and
help people get the jobs that they're
earning and put the work in for it.
I'm willing to help you
flatten that curve for you so
that you can get to your goals, right?
Let me tell you all about
me because I'm boring, but
I'm busy at the same time, right?
I wear many hats, software engineering,
Microsoft, I write for
a Stack Overflow and
GitHub readme project.
I teach for front end masters and
Vets Who Code.
I'm a startup CTO for
a military startup called My Ruck.
They just finished a $12
million valuation, so
I'm working with him full time.
I have three dogs and
they all have different personalities and
I have four kids and
they're four boys and the dogs are boys.
So I have seven boys in my house and
I'm bald by choice but I'm sure if I let
it grow all the way back,
there'll be some gray's in there now.
And my boys are ranging from 20 to 1.5.
So yeah, my whiskey cabinet is full.
So we're sitting to set the tone for this.
This market that you're currently sitting
in is very different from the market
two years ago during the COVID boom,
where you could interview the founders of
Prestige Worldwide and
still get a lucrative job.
If you all don't remember the movie
Step Brothers, it was pretty,
they went in as a group in tuxedos
to jobs that had nothing to do with.
And in a group, you could literally
interview like that two years ago and
still end up getting the job.
There are so many jobs around.
It was like what is going on?
Now today while the job
our market is still good,
the way that the jobs are being
placed is different, right?
So, you have the big tech
companies shrinking, and
those tech they've been shaking
off the people from their orgs.
And those people have been going
into orgs outside of tech that
are still lucrative tech jobs.
And they are gonna be your managers,
your senior devs,
the people sitting next to you when
you're on your first coding job,
as well as part of that process
of interviewing you, right?
So now we have to focus more on how
to get the job on top of all the new
things with AI that have been implemented
in HR over the last two to three years.
We have to think about all these new
components when we're getting into the job
market, right?
So it's not harder,
it's just different, right?
So there's no it'll be no great recession,
that was hard.
This is just different, the jobs
are there, it's just the game has changed,
that's it, right?
So don't freak out but
just we're gonna get there.
We're gonna get the plants ready and
we're gonna get started.
Now I shared a repo in the chat,
that also has three resources that
we're gonna be talking
about as well as the flow.
And most of what I'm gonna be saying,
I made sure I wrote it out, so
that way you'll be able
to keep up with me.
So first without any further ado now,
we've done one intro and
set of the tone,
let's go to what are we going to learn?
We're going to learn
about our three users,
or we can use the term our
three gatekeepers, right?
These are the three obstacles that
we have to learn how to adapt and
overcome over, so that we can get our job.
In order to prepare, we have to know
what you're preparing for, right?
A lot of people there you
just start coding and
you get a resume and
just start interviewing.
Well, who are you preparing an interview
for, who are the three components
that you're gonna have a navigating us
to get to that offer letter, right?
A lot of people don't think about that.
That's what we're going to get into.
Preparing our work.
Here we're gonna talk about
building your brand database and
brag document, building a resume, and
I'm providing templates for both of those.
And your GitHub portfolios and
networking for newbies, i.e, you all.
We're gonna go over how to
use GitHub to your advantage,
as well review your portfolio for optimal
success, and discuss networking for
tech noobs, which is different,
and it has evolved a lot as well.
I have about three techniques that
I've learned with my veterans and
my military spouses that helps them
turn people who they network and
to allies, and those allies into sponsors.
And next thing you know, sometimes those
sponsors and to their manager, right?
Which is now the natural
evolution of networking, right?
So those are the things
that we are gonna go over.